docs: migration guide (#1064)
Tresjs/tres: docs/content/1.getting-started/4.upgrade-guide.md

Reviewer: **suggestion:** Some of the props of `TresCanvas` are not reactive anymore. But the were in v4. I suggest mentioning that.

Author: Don @Tinoooo I added a complete section for it

#### Why We Changed It
- Better performance with complex scenes
- More predictable event handling
- Consistent with web standards and pmndrs ecosystem
- Prevents event bubbling issues
- Leverages battle-tested pointer event handling from the pmndrs community

#### Migration Steps

1. **Update event handling expectations**:
```js
// ❌ Old behavior: multiple overlapping objects could trigger events
<TresMesh @click="handleClick">
  <TresBoxGeometry />
  <TresMeshBasicMaterial />
</TresMesh>
<TresMesh @click="handleClick"> <!-- This might not trigger if behind first mesh -->
  <TresBoxGeometry />
  <TresMeshBasicMaterial />
</TresMesh>

// ✅ New behavior: only first intersected object triggers event
// If you need multiple objects to handle events, ensure they don't overlap
// or handle the event at a parent level
```

2. **Restructure overlapping interactive elements**:
```js
// ✅ Use a single parent handler for overlapping elements
<TresGroup @click="handleGroupClick">
  <TresMesh>
    <TresBoxGeometry />
    <TresMeshBasicMaterial />
  </TresMesh>
  <TresMesh>
    <TresBoxGeometry />
    <TresMeshBasicMaterial />
  </TresMesh>
</TresGroup>
```

### Camera Context Changes

> 🚦 Impact Level: Low

Author: I kinda liked it because it helps the user prioritize which migration steps are more important to follow that would likely break their current implementation. Lets keep it @Tinoooo

#### Why We Changed It
- Better camera management
- Support for multiple cameras
- Improved camera switching

#### Migration Steps

**Easy Migration Path:**
For most users, simply change `useTresContext` to `useTres`:

```js
// ❌ Old v4 syntax
const { camera } = useTresContext()

// ✅ Easy v5 migration
const { camera } = useTres()
// camera works the same as before
```

**Advanced Usage:**
If you need the full context (mainly for module authors), use `useTresContext`:

```js
// ✅ For module authors - full context access
const { camera } = useTresContext()
// camera is now an object with camera management methods
const activeCamera = camera.value.current
```

::read-more
Learn more about the context system in our [internal documentation](/api/composables/use-tres-context).
::

### Renderer and Context Changes

🚦 Impact Level: Moderate

#### What Changed
- Performance state removed from context
- Renderer instance is now readonly
- `invalidate`, `advance`, `canBeInvalidated` and renderer instance now accessed through context

#### Why We Changed It
- Better encapsulation
- Improved performance monitoring
- More consistent API

#### Migration Steps

**Easy Migration Path:**

> For most users, simply change `useTresContext` to `useTres`:

Reviewer: **suggestion:**
```suggestion
For most use cases it is probably sufficient to change `useTresContext` to `useTres`:
```

Author: @Tinoooo I replaced it in several paragraphs that were the same

```js
// ❌ Old v4 syntax
const { renderer, invalidate, advance } = useTresContext()

// ✅ Easy v5 migration
const { renderer, invalidate, advance } = useTres()
// Works the same as before for common use cases
```

**Advanced Usage:**
If you need the full context (mainly for module authors), use `useTresContext`:

```js
// ✅ For module authors - full context access
const { invalidate, advance, canBeInvalidated, renderer } = useTresContext()
// renderer is now readonly
// Use context methods for renderer operations
```

**Performance monitoring changes**:
```js
// ❌ Old v4 performance access
const { performance } = useTresContext()

// ✅ New v5 - use renderer stats or custom performance monitoring
const { renderer } = useTres()
const stats = renderer.info
```

::read-more
Learn more about the context system in our [internal documentation](/api/composables/use-tres-context).
::

### Deprecated Composables Removal

🚦 Impact Level: Moderate

#### What Changed
- `useTresReady` is no longer available
- `useSeek` has been removed

> 

Reviewer: **question:** Shall we not list all of the removed composables? Like `useRaycaster`, `useRenderLoop`, `useLogger`?

Author: I added migration steps for each one but useRaycaster and useLogger

Reviewer: Iirc we agreed on not exposing it at some point so users would create their own raycaster if they need one. I suggest keeping it like that and possibly adjust according to the feedback of the users.
